i don't know why but i was cutting too
well then the job these days i
never seem to get past the interview
stage
[Music]
nice and mystery that
yeah so if you have a look it's stuck
right at the back
okay okay just there's a little bit a
bit more there
just nearly i mean i mean see anything
oh there's all sorts down here though
i wonder where that went deep
is
but i'll show you how it's done
back door's open
sophie is that a new kid it's gorgeous
really suits you
yeah thanks max you're so on trend look
at sophie's coat everyone
but it's gorge darling amazing so if you
have such lovely clothes is it pricey
yeah
go on tell us tell us where'd you get it
it's actually vintage
pingu's girlfriend has got one exactly
the same awesome
that was a bit weird vicar asking me to
leave the church this morning
[Music]
it's a mystery though
okay david that's enough rummaging about
hey love you'll never guess what i found
down here
what all the old baby photos oh bring
them out with you no
i will do i will do oh nice one i found
another
[Music]
you